Title,Description
"PHP (Laravel) Developer - Normal, IL - Indeed.com","Wilber is looking for an experienced Laravel developer to join our team full-time and help to drive our products forward. We are committed to not only creating great software, but also to making our developer EXPERIENCE great! All of our Laravel projects are on the latest version of Laravel and are running on PHP 8. Come play with all the new, shiny features of Laravel and PHP as well as Tailwind, Alpine, Livewire, and Inertia. We can't wait to hear from you! 
 
 What You Need 
 To be considered for the role, you will need to have demonstrable experience in the following: 
 
 Essential skills:  PHP, MySQL, Laravel, PHPUnit testing, Javascript (Vue) and frontend, Git version Control 
 Nice to haves:  Advanced Vue, Dusk Testing, experience with Tailwind, Livewire and Laravel Nova 
 Deep technical knowledge:  Modern PHP (7+) skills, good OOP practice and the ability to design and structure code that is maintainable and goes beyond simple MVC CRUD design. 
 
 We also place high value on: 
 Great communication skills:  Being remote means communication is even more important than normal! You need to be able to ask clear questions, provide clear explanations of technical issues, and be comfortable enough to admit and ask when you don't know something. 
 
 Positive attitude:  Everyone wants to enjoy coming to work each day, and we work hard to be sure the people on our teams are people we ENJOY working with. A positive and friendly attitude goes a long way to accomplishing that goal. Let's all get along! 
 
 Confidence and Independence:  We love to shape problems, and then let you solve those problems! We don't micromanage you. 
 Salary and Benefits 
 We pride ourselves in being great at what we do and have developed a work culture that inspires innovation and pushing boundaries. We value our developer happiness, our tools and the quality of everything we do. Join us to work with a bunch of friendly, intelligent experts while honing your craft and becoming a better developer. 
 
 Salary based on experience Paid time off + public holidays Health, Dental, Vision, etc. 401K Retirement program with company match after 1 year employment Book, conference, and training budget Top of the line laptop and software Free coffee, monthly work parties on company time, and an amazing group of people to work with"
"PHP Developer - Houston, TX - Indeed.com","· Work experience as Web Developer (WWW) · Expertise in Javascript, PHP · Solid knowledge of HTML/CSS · Experience with mockup and UI prototyping tools · Experience in Inventory module · Understanding of security practices · Familiarity with network diagnostics tools · Team management skills · Knowledge of JEST E2E Responsibilities o Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications o Create wireframes to decide on layout o Write or review code for various applications o Run functionality testings and debug code Find below the submission format. Job Type: Full-time Salary: $55.00 - $66.00 per hour Schedule: 8 hour shift Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Experience: MySQL: 1 year (Preferred) JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred) PHP: 1 year (Preferred) Work Location: One location"
"PHP Developer - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com","Who We Are: TenantCloud is a consumer based Saas company providing marketing and management tools for both landlords and tenants. Our application includes best in class solutions to help landlords and tenants manage listings, payments, applications, screenings, maintenance requests, digital forms and much more. Job Description: Our growing Salt Lake City office, located in Sandy, Utah, is looking for a driven and experienced software engineer with a solid understanding of great software design, and a passion for solving difficult problems in complex multi-component systems. The ideal candidate must thrive in a highly team-oriented environment where collaboration between developers and across teams is common; where giving and receiving of feedback, debate, and constructive criticism are encouraged. Our company has an open, relaxed, and friendly environment where we joke around and have fun, yet we’re serious about the work we do. Responsibilities: Take design comps and Build innovative, testable, and scalable application systems Write maintainable full-stack code working in a professional software engineering environment (source control, shortened release cycles, continuous integration, etc.). Cowboy coders need not apply. Deploying and managing container based systems in cloud hosted environments Extending and improving existing system services and software component algorithms for efficiency and scalability Troubleshooting bugs and other technical issues Technology Qualifications: Our products are built using a modern microservice infrastructure consisting of responsive Single Page Web Applications built on top of our evolving platform. Here is a quick look at some of the technologies we utilize: Advanced knowledge of PHP 7/8 & MySQL 5/8 Love Laravel. We’re big fans of Laravel .NET / C# 6.0 experience a plus MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ Angular, Vue, Sass AWS, Docker, Kubernetes Test Automation with XUnit, Jasmine Git, AppVeyor CI Follow SOLID, DRY, YAGNI principles Core Requirements: A distributed systems foundation and a service-oriented mindset. You're always thinking ""What happens if this fails?"" when you build things. Additional experience deploying and monitoring software in production. You know that building something is only the first step. Ability to work in a team environment and not take yourself too seriously. You want to teach people your knowledge and also learn from others. Strong initiative to improve processes, tools, methodologies, and overall quality of the product. Working knowledge of best patterns and practices for object oriented design and development. Authorized to work in the USA Extras: You read up on and experiment with new technologies because it is in your nature, not because it's a job requirement You welcome the challenge of problems that no one has ever tried to solve before. You have expertise in design, development and performance tuning of relational databases. Work Schedule and Environment: Full-time, 40 hours weekly, Monday-Friday Hybrid: In-office or Remote Benefits: Full-time Salary Position Medical, Dental and Vision benefits Paid vacation and sick leave TenantCloud provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $85,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year Benefits: Dental insurance Flexible schedule Health insurance Life insurance Paid time off Parental leave Professional development assistance Vision insurance Schedule: Monday to Friday Work Location: Multiple Locations"
PHP Developer (Backend) - Remote - Indeed.com,"Radiant Cloud Technology Solutions - Immediate Hiring * Position: PHP Developer Positions : 3 Exp : 2-3 yrs Location: Remote (WFH till pandemic) Notice Period: 15 days -30 days Package - 3.0 - 6.0 lacs * * Requirements: - Bachelors in Computer Science. -Must have done projects in Core PHP for at least 1 year of relevant experience. -Must have a strong understanding of the following concepts, Object-Oriented Programming Systems, Data Structures, Algorithms, etc. Strong desire to work at a rapidly growing company. -Strive to learn new technologies and tools. General knowledge of modern data center and cloud infrastructure including server hardware, networking, and storage. -Strong SQL knowledge (Mysql or Postgres), familiarity with techniques to identify slow queries and debugging. -Familiarity working with VCS such as Bitbucket, Github/Gitlab. Experience in automated unit test development practices and design methodologies. -Should have an understanding of agile processes and methods, particularly Scrum. * * Responsibilities: Working with our team and Cloud Architects to design and develop end to end Cloud Native solutions with a large focus on application and data, all with a good understanding of underlying cloud infrastructure Be part of a team of a global team, supporting other members of the team in overcoming challenges, removing roadblocks and developing options and solutions Writing high-performance, reliable and maintainable code. Diagnostics and troubleshooting of operational issues. * Job Type: Full-time Salary: $61,007.00 - $134,389.00 per year Benefits: Paid time off Schedule: 8 hour shift Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Experience: PHP: 2 years (Preferred) Work Location: Remote"
"PHP/HTML Developer - West Slope, OR - Indeed.com","Looking for a PHP/HTML Developer who has extensive experience in delivering PHP/HTML solutions. The ideal candidate will have basic SQL with Oracle, jQuery, JavaScript, Microsoft Access and VBA programming in Visio experience."
"PHP/MySQL Developer - Manhattan, NY 10022 - Indeed.com","PHP MySQL Developer 
Founded in June 1996, VS Media is an industry leader specializing in highly interactive,
 
high-traffic, live video chat websites. Spanning the globe with over 200 million visitors
 
per month and 80 million ads per day, we provide a platform for adults to discover new
 
kinds of interactive content through live video and chat services. Our size and scale
 
stretches across every continent, delivering powerful technology to enhance our clients’ 
online presence. From streaming live video to billing solutions to gamification
 
development, we leverage the latest technology to provide the best digital experience
 
possible. 
Team members constantly face unique challenges that make it fun to come to work
 
every day! This position will be 100% remote. 
 
NOTE:  Some of our properties are adult-oriented (see our website flirt 4 free). Given that 
our focus is on highly interactive technology-based products, these are not necessarily
 
your typical adult websites. We pride ourselves on being an extremely professional
 
company, but candidates must be comfortable with the nature of these properties. 
As we continue to grow, we have a new position open on our existing web development
 
team for the candidate who has the right blend of PHP and MySQL experience. This is an 
in-house, full-time position. You will be working with our team of creative and
 
hardworking programmers and designers to push the company forward by writing and
 
maintaining efficient and scalable code. 
 
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications: 
 
 Experience developing using the PHP language 
 Must have reliable internet and necessary equipment to complete the job
 
functions 
 Strong MySQL skills in query building/optimization & schema design 
 Experience with Unix Systems and the command line 
Experience with (x)HTML, CSS 
 Strong analytical skills for report generation and analysis 
 Clear communication skills especially when relating technical concepts to non- 
technical personnel 
 
The ideal candidate should also be capable of building complex systems from the
 
ground up. 
 
Benefits Package 
Compensation includes an attractive 401K and incentive bonus plan (after one year of
 
employment). Full benefits package including health/dental/vision. 
 
Application Instructions 
Please provide your resume and your salary requirement. Any submissions without
 
these items will not be considered as this is a full-time position. 
 
 
Principals Only!"
Software Developer - Python or PHP - United States - Indeed.com,"Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.
 
 
As a member of the software engineering division, you will apply basic to intermediate knowledge of software architecture to perform software development tasks associated with developing, debugging or designing software applications or operating systems according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture and occasionally suggest improvements to the architecture.
 
 
Duties and tasks are standard with some variation; displays understanding of roles, processes and procedures. Performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes. BS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 1 year of software engineering or related experience.
 
 
If you are a Colorado resident, Please Contact us or Email us at oracle-salary-inquiries_us@oracle.com to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include this Job ID: 152782 in the subject line of the email."
"PHP Developer - Denver, CO - Indeed.com","Job Position : PHP Developer Job Location : Denver, Colorado(Onsite) Job Duration : 1 Year JOB Description:  AGILE - Agile Development Methodology Microsoft SQL Server MySQL Oracle 12c Oracle 8i/9i/10g PHP GIT Job Type: Full-time Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour Schedule: 8 hour shift Ability to commute/relocate: Denver, CO: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred) Education: High school or equivalent (Preferred) Experience: Agile: 6 years (Required) php: 6 years (Required) Oracle: 6 years (Required) Microsoft SQL Server: 6 years (Preferred) Git: 6 years (Preferred) Work Location: One location"
"PHP Developer - Tamarac, FL - Indeed.com","JOB DESCRIPTION 
SNI Technology is looking for an PHP Developer with at least 3 years experience to join our growing organization. This position is fully remote with the following requirements: 
 
 Requires the knowledge and ability to write clear technical specifications and to translate technical ideas and designs to peers and management 
 
 Must possess good interpersonal skills and be able to work in a team environment, working with the project from specification to user acceptance 
 
 Must be able to adhere to programming and development schedules, customer requirements, tactical and strategic product goals. Must be self-motivated and extremely reliable 
 
 Must be able to work in a fast paced environment 
 
 Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), software release stages and requirements Other duties as assigned 
 
 Education and Experience: B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field 3-5+ years of PHP development Experience with different source/revision control methodologies, such as Git Scalability / Redundancy / High volume environments. Prior Point-Of-Sale experience from a support, QA and/or development experience ETL requirements, design and implementation experience Database configuration, cleanup and management 
 
 Materials and Equipment Used: Office Equipment, Database & Query Software & Linux Candidates will be required to complete a background check and drug screen before beginning work"
PHP Developer (Remote) - Remote - Indeed.com,"CBTS is searching for a self-motivated and versatile  PHP / Laravel Developer . Applicants must have a passion for building great software and the ability to work in an energetic and interactive environment. This position will be performed 100% Remote from home. This is a direct hire role and NO C2C and NO Sponsorship allowed for this role. Responsibilities:  Develop, improve and maintain cutting edge web applications using PHP/Laravel platform Utilize your full stack skills with tight integration between the UI/UX, data and back-end layers Prepare and maintain all applications utilizing standard development tools such as JetBrains IDE Utilize backend data services and contribute to increase existing data services API Lead the entire web application development life cycle right from concept stage to delivery and post launch support Interact with entire development team daily to ensure proper understanding of requirements and status Document the development processes, architecture, and standard components for all applications Work in a highly interactive Scrum environment, ensuring great communication between team members through constant daily feedback Keep abreast of new trends and best practices in web development Job Requirements Back end: Minimum 2 years’ experience with PHP (up to 7.4) / Laravel developer /JSON / RESTFul API’s, Strong SQL Server Database development (Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions and Views). Front end: Minimum 1-year experience with Angular.JS, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap Strong understanding of GIT commands (commits, branches, pull requests) Comfortable working in a Scrum environment with 2-weeks Sprints; deliver working software at the end of each Sprint Must love working in a fun, fast-paced and team-oriented environment Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $85,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year Benefits: 401(k) 401(k) matching Dental insurance Flexible spending account Health insurance Health savings account Life insurance Paid time off Retirement plan Vision insurance Schedule: 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Application Question(s): Do you require C2C or Sponsorship now or in the future? Experience: PHP Development: 5 years (Required) HTML5, CSS, bootstrap: 5 years (Required) Javascript Frameworks (Angular): 2 years (Required) SQL Server Database Development (Stored Procedures, etc.): 4 years (Required) Work Location: Remote"
Cake PHP Developer - Remote - Indeed.com,"CakePHP developer wanted for maintenance and extension of legacy applications - remote - experience with multiple versions of the CakePHP framework - firm understanding of MVC development principles - ability to work on both front and back end code - JQuery/Javascript - HTML/CSS - MySQL - ability to write clean and maintainable code - self starter who can work with minimal supervision - English fluency, written and verbal Job Type: Full-time Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year Benefits: 401(k) Dental insurance Health insurance Paid time off Vision insurance Schedule: 8 hour shift COVID-19 considerations: N/A Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Experience: JQuery/Javascript: 1 year (Required) HTML/CSS: 1 year (Required) Cake PHP: 1 year (Required) Work Location: Remote"
"PHP Developer - Tallahassee, FL 32399 - Indeed.com","PHP Developer We need a  PHP developer  to join our direct client at  Tallahassee, Florida Required Skills 7+ years’ experience with PHP application development, leveraging MVC frameworks (preferably CodeIgniter, which is AMS’s PHP framework standard) 3+ years’ experience with Oracle databases, possessing the capability to develop DML and DDL statements to produce very complex queries and PL/SQL database objects, including both DML and DDL 3+ years’ experience leveraging Javascript frameworks, such as JQuery 3+ years’ experience as a full-stack developer Experience with responsive design frameworks, preferably Bootstrap Experience using code repositories, preferably Git Experience using continuous integration tools, preferably Jenkins Knowledge of relational database designs Knowledge of object-oriented design methodologies Knowledge of Information Systems Development Methodology (ISDM) Experience with database query tools (i.e., TOAD, SQL Developer, SQL Navigator) Knowledge of database security, including role-based security Knowledge and experience with Unified Modeling Language (UML) Ability to be creative, to use sound judgment, and to display foresight to identify potential problems and design/specifications and assigned application software systems Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others Ability to work independently Ability to determine work priorities and ensure proper completion of work assignments Ability to work well under pressure and meet deadlines without sacrificing quality Excellent interpersonal, collaborative, oral and written communication skills Preferred Skills:  Experience developing Classic ASP applications and reports Oracle certification(s) Familiarity with Agile development, specifically Scrum, Extreme Programming (XP) and Kanban. Experience with Virtualization, preferably Docker Experience implementing GIS (Geographic Information System) applications Experience developing web services, preferably RESTful web services Required Tasks to be Performed:  Research existing Classic ASP application code to derive existing requirements and functionality Make recommendations towards code reuse and/or the development of new code Write, translate and code software programs and applications per specifications. Perform thorough regression testing on PHP applications, to ensure that the rewritten applications successfully capture the same business needs as the previous application Communicate and coordinate effectively, with the AMS team members, and program area customers, to ensure a quality product Provide maintenance, enhancement, and support for a variety of the agency’s business applications. Assist in the preparation and documentation of program requirements and specifications. Assist in the development and maintenance of user manuals and guidelines. Work with network administrators, systems analysts and software engineers to assist in resolving problems with software products or company software systems. Provide mentoring and guidance to junior programmers. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour Schedule: Monday to Friday Experience: PHP developer: 5 years (Preferred) Work Location: One location"
"PHP Developer - Seattle, WA 98101 - Indeed.com","Henry Schein One  is the global leader in dental management, analytics, communication, and marketing software. We deliver innovative dental software and services, combined with expert business coaching, to help connect dental technology so it works as one. 
When technology connects, more data is shared, more tasks are automated, and more work gets done. And most importantly, dental professionals have more time to focus on providing a quality experience for their patients. In fact, one connected practice management system simplifies each step of the patient experience - from first contact and scheduling, to clinical treatment and billing, to ensuring loyalty and recurring care. 
If you are looking for a growing career that makes a difference,  come be part of our team today! 
We are open to this role being remote based in Seattle or Los Angeles. 
JOB OVERVIEW: 
Henry Schein One is actively seeking a PHP Developer. As one of our PHP Developers you will work closely with the product team to develop new features and frameworks for SaaS product serving the Small to Medium Business and Health sectors. You will join an entrepreneurial, friendly culture that applauds innovation and results, and embraces hard work. You will be encouraged to take ownership of your work, and be given latitude to try out new ideas. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
1-3 year(s) experience in object-oriented programming in PHP. 
Knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. 
Knowledge of SQL queries and database schema design. 
Knowledge of MVC frameworks (Symfony, Zend, Laravel, Yii). 
Ability to work in a collaborative team environment using tools like issue trackers (Jira) and version control software (Git). 
Willingness to participate in requirements gathering for assigned tasks 
SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: 
Other programming languages such as: Java, C++/C#, Python, or Ruby. 
Unit testing. 
SEO concepts. 
Page load optimization. 
CMS systems like MovableType and Wordpress. 
Familiarity with Scrum/Agile project management methodologies 
Excellent communication skills 
COMPENSATION: 
The posted range for this position is  $92,736- $139,104  which is the expected starting base salary range for an employee who is new to the role to fully proficient in the role. Many factors go into determining employee pay within the posted range including prior experience, current skills, location/labor market, internal equity, etc. This position is eligible for a 10% bonus/incentive not reflected in the posted range. 
EXCELLENT BENEFITS AVAILABLE: 
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage, 401K Plan with Company Match, PTO , Paid Parental Leave, Income Protection, Work Life Assistance Program, Flexible Spending Accounts, Educational Benefits, Worldwide Scholarship Program and Volunteer Opportunities 
Henry Schein, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability that can be reasonably accommodated without undue hardship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, citizenship, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status. 
 5WHQIciVXe"
Senior Full-Stack WordPress Developer (PHP + HTML/CSS/JS) - Remote - Indeed.com,"Now hiring a  Senior Full-Stack WordPress Developer (PHP + HTML/CSS/JS)  to oversee a site used by 1 million students each week to learn science & math. REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:  Advanced proficiency with PHP and MySQL. Strong familiarity with JavaScript (ex. vanilla JS, jQuery, ES6, etc). Years of experience with WordPress. Experience coding pages from PSD, adding features, working with 3rd party APIs like Stripe, maintaining sites, fixing bugs, etc. TIME COMMITMENT:  40 hours a week. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS:  Please include link(s) to PHP sites you have built or worked on. Applicants without this will not be considered. COMPENSATION:  Work from Home Flexible Work Hours $100,000-$150,000 depending on location & experience. Job Type: Full-time Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year Benefits: Flexible schedule Schedule: 8 hour shift Experience: PHP: 4 years (Required) HTML/CSS/JS: 4 years (Required) WordPress: 3 years (Required) Work Location: Remote"
PHP Developer - Remote - Indeed.com,"PHP / Java Programmer Analyst Location: Philadelphia, PA Duration: Full time NOTE: Candidates must be US Citizens or GC.  Skill Requirements:  · Must have strong working knowledge of PHP, including data structures, algorithms, enterprise systems, and asynchronous architectures. · Experienced with Services Oriented Architecture and RESTful services development (JSON, XML). Working knowledge of microservices · Must have a strong understanding of Design Patterns. · Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and front-end frameworks. · Experience building enterprise web applications leveraging responsive design for mobile devices is a plus. · Experience with data modeling and database programming skills (MSQL database and PL/SQL experience a plus). · Experience with Apache Servers, PHP, Servers, Frameworks such as laravel, CodeIgniter Job Type: Full-time Pay: $100.00 - $120.00 per year Schedule: 8 hour shift Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Work Location: Remote"
Web Developer - Remote - Indeed.com,"We are looking for an outstanding Web Developer to be responsible for the coding, innovative design and layout of our website. Web developer responsibilities include building websites from concept all the way to completion from the bottom up, fashioning everything from the home page to site layout and function. Responsibilities Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Skills Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS WordPress and Drupal expertise required. Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript or Ruby on Rails A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with server diagnostics, server analytics tools Strong knowledge of Google Analytics and Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field Job Type: Part-time Pay: $30.00 - $60.00 per hour Benefits: Flexible schedule Schedule: Monday to Friday Supplemental Pay: Bonus pay Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Experience: Front-end development: 5 years (Preferred) CSS: 5 years (Preferred) WordPress: 5 years (Preferred) Work Location: Remote"
